README.md, before:

# web3dart

A library for making transactions in Ethereum using Dart. This library
is in early development, has not been through a security audit and
should not be used in a productive environment.

### Features
- Send valid and signed transactions to an Ethereum client using the
  JSON-RPC API.
- Generate private keys and Ethereum accounts
- _(sort of)_ Send messages and function calls to smart contracts
### TODO
- Code generation based on smart contract ABI for easier interaction
- Smart Contract events
- Encode all supported solidity types

## Usage

In order to use this library, you will need an client connected to
Ethereum nodes so that your transactions can actually be processed. You
can either set up a local, private blockchain (by for instance using
[truffle](http://truffleframework.com/) and
[ganache](http://truffleframework.com/ganache/)), run an Ethereum node
yourself (for instance with [geth](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/geth)),
or use a public RPC API, like [infura](https://infura.io/).

```dart
import 'package:http/http.dart'; //You can also import the browser version
import 'package:web3dart/web3dart.dart';

main() {
    //Replace with private key of an account that can transfer ether
    var privateKeyHex = "c87509a1c067bbde78beb793e6fa76530b6382a4c0241e5e4a9ec0a0f44dc0d3";
    var apiUrl = "http://localhost:7545"; //Replace with your API

    var httpClient = new Client();

    var credentials = Credentials.fromHexPrivateKey(privateKeyHex);
    var client = new Web3Client(apiUrl, httpClient);

    //Set up a new transaction
    new Transaction(keys: credentials, maximumGas: 100000)
    .prepareForSimpleTransaction( //that will transfer 2 ether
        "0xf17f52151EbEF6C7334FAD080c5704D77216b732",
        EtherAmount.fromUnitAndValue(EtherUnit.ETHER, 2))
    .send(client); //and send.
    }
```
## Feature requests and bugs

Please file feature requests and bugs at the [issue tracker][tracker].

[tracker]: https://github.com/simolus3/web3dart/issues/new

Commit message:

Decode data from smart contracts, use better example

README.md, after:

# web3dart

A library for making transactions in Ethereum using Dart. This library
is in early development, has not been through a security audit and
should not be used in a productive environment.

### Features
- Send valid and signed transactions to an Ethereum client using the
  JSON-RPC API.
- Generate private keys and Ethereum accounts
- _(sort of)_ Send messages and function calls to smart contracts
### TODO
- Code generation based on smart contract ABI for easier interaction
- Smart Contract events
- Encode all supported solidity types, although only tuple and (u)fixed,
  which are not commonly used, are not supported at the moment.

## Usage

In order to use this library, you will need an client connected to
Ethereum nodes so that your transactions can actually be processed. You
can either set up a local, private blockchain (by for instance using
[truffle](http://truffleframework.com/) and
[ganache](http://truffleframework.com/ganache/)), run an Ethereum node
yourself (for instance with [geth](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/geth)),
or use a public RPC API, like [infura](https://infura.io/).

```dart
import 'package:http/http.dart'; //You can also import the browser version
import 'package:web3dart/web3dart.dart';

main() {
    //Replace with private key of an account that can transfer ether
    var privateKeyHex = "c87509a1c067bbde78beb793e6fa76530b6382a4c0241e5e4a9ec0a0f44dc0d3";
    var apiUrl = "http://localhost:7545"; //Replace with your API

    var httpClient = new Client();

    var credentials = Credentials.fromHexPrivateKey(privateKeyHex);
    var client = new Web3Client(apiUrl, httpClient);

    //Set up a new transaction
    new Transaction(keys: credentials, maximumGas: 100000)
    .prepareForSimpleTransaction( //that will transfer 2 ether
        "0xf17f52151EbEF6C7334FAD080c5704D77216b732",
        EtherAmount.fromUnitAndValue(EtherUnit.ETHER, 2))
    .send(client); //and send.
    }
```

See [`example/crypto_kittens_example.dart`](https://github.com/simolus3/web3dart/blob/master/example/crypto_kittens_example.dart)
for an example on how to call methods from smart contracts deployed on the blockchain.

## Feature requests and bugs

Please file feature requests and bugs at the [issue tracker][tracker].

[tracker]: https://github.com/simolus3/web3dart/issues/new
